We briefly went over this in the previous module,
but let's talk about how we can save this project and export
it for future use because that's really what we're trying to
do is to create this test harness.
You'll notice that both of these tests have an asterisk next to them,
and that's because we haven't saved them yet.
We have this disk icon up here that flashes at us every time we
hover over it. So we can click the Save project,
and it'll ask us where we would like to save that at.
So I've got a workspace out here. I'm going to go to dev, workspace, selenium.
And I'd already done that test test in the previous one.
We'll come out here and we've already named our test suite the
Selenium News, so we'll go ahead and run with that. We'll click
Save, and both of those tests are inside of there and saved as
that. We haven't exported them yet.
It's just this saved test harness to pull it back up in the IDE. To
export that, we can go up to our test suites, and we have this News test
suite here. We can export that entire thing.
We'll say we want to do Java JUnit, and we can include the other options here.
But for now, this is good enough for us.
We'll click Export. We'll choose that DefaultTestSuite. And again,
I'm going to navigate to dev, workspace,
selenium, and click Save. And now let's open that up inside of our IDE and
see what it built for us. Going out to our file system, we can see that we
have two files that were just created for us, that SeleniumNews.side or
Selenium IDE and the DefaultSuiteTest.java.
If we open up the SeleniumNews.side file,
we can see that it is a JSON file. And this is a change.
Previous versions of this were actually HTML and CSS. This is now all
exported in JSON, which is great because you can open it with various tools
and edit it quite easily, and you can actually save this and move forward
using this file itself or reopen it back up in your Selenium IDE. And then
the other file that's created is our .java file that contains our literal
JUnit test. And going forward,
I'm going to open this up inside of IntelliJ so that you can see it inside of
an actual editor, but I want to show you that you get this done by default
exported out of the application, and you don't have to do anything else. It
will produce for you a running .java file. So we've now exported our entire test suite out in both .side and a .java file.